Hey ! Hello, YouTube, my name is Patrick and I'm a director and an infographer for our YouTube channel of the Montreal SPCA
I'm Amelie, I'm responsible for content and scripting for our web capsules.
And we are here today to talk about our brand new contest!
Yes, but not right now, we are talking about it immediately after this video so stayed ours!
Fan of molosses? I introduce you LENNY!
Lenny is a Pero of Presa Canario crossed about 11 months.
Still a puppy at heart, Lenny is a great player and gets on well with other dogs.
Lenny can live in an apartment,
but is not recommended for a family with young children,
because Lenny still has trouble controlling her big legs at times!
Lenny is looking for an experienced family with large dogs
who will not be impressed either by his strength or his loud voice
and who is aware that he will have an appetite once adult!
If you think you are the perfect family for Lenny or know this family?
You can click on the link in the description of this video or share it on social networks.
And as always, remember that you may not change the world,
but maybe you could change Lenny's world, forever!
Thank you, see you soon.
Hello again, YouTube, and thank you for watching our video on YouTube.
We are back to tell you about our brand new contest.
Our brand new contest, all fresh, all beautiful and just for you. This month if you have a chance to win, a clicker
Like this one. And tell me Amelie, what can a clicker serve?
It is a tool used in training to improve or accelerate the learning of our pets.
You can use it if you have a cat, a dog, or even a bird.
Even a bird? But it's fantastic! But how can I enter the contest?
It's very simple you just have to subscribe to our YouTube channel and leave a comment at the bottom of one of our videos this month though.
We will shoot the winner and contact him ...
Shoot the winner, haha
We will choose the winner from all who left a comment
and we will contact him thanks to the information of the profile that he will be created.
You can then pick up your prize at the Montreal SPCA counter
who will be at the reception desk, in your name obviously.
And by going to the SPCA do not hesitate to come and say hello, come see our dogs who are in adoption
or even if you are interested in getting more involved with the SPCA you can give your name to become a volunteer,
it will always make us happy to have more people helping our animals.
Everything is on our website, do not forget also a little "like" just below and you can also share on Facebook
or any social networks